=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

mkdir - make directories

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<mkdir> [F<OPTION>]... F<DIRECTORY>...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Create the DIRECTORY(ies), if they do not already exist.

Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.

=over 7

=item B<-m>, B<--mode>=F<MODE>

set file mode (as in chmod), not a=rwx - umask

=item B<-p>, B<--parents>

no error if existing, make parent directories as needed

=item B<-v>, B<--verbose>

print a message for each created directory

=item B<-z>, B<--context>=F<CTX>

set the SELinux security context of each created directory to CTX

=item B<--help> display this help and exit

=item B<--version> output version information and exit

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Written by David MacKenzie.

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

Report mkdir bugs to L<bug-coreutils@gnu.org>

GNU coreutils home page: L<http://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/>

General help using GNU software: L<http://www.gnu.org/gethelp/>

Report mkdir translation bugs to L<http://translationproject.org/team/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2012 Free Software Foundation, Inc. License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later L<http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.

This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

=head1 SEE ALSO

mkdir(2)

The full documentation for B<mkdir> is maintained as a Texinfo manual. If the B<info> and B<mkdir> programs are properly installed at your site, the command

=over 7

=item C<info coreutils 'mkdir invocation'>

=back

should give you access to the complete manual.
